Xiaoqi
A letter for you to send
You didn't deliver it, did you?
Leave it to the salesman
Will give it to grandma and grandpa
We are going to separate today
Should have come long ago
Third brother
continuous belief
with the head of the family
Lianfang
Inconvenient to live together
Want to separate now
daughter
How much should I give to the third child?
one acre of land
One chicken and one duck
one acre
Not mother
That moment was right
To provide circumstantial evidence
you you
Isn't this too ugly?
Too little
Give your wife’s dowry
Supply the third child
Look at you
OK OK OK
Your Majesty, everything you said is right.
We are all
Who are those at the entrance of this village?
Scary to death
Isn't that Lian Fang's in-laws?
Lian Fang, your relatives are here
Mom, let me go there
It's broken, it's broken
Xiaoqi
grandma grandpa
First uncle, second uncle and third uncle
Let uncle hug you
Grow taller again
Do you miss your third uncle?
think
Come, come, uncle, give me a hug
Come
Grow so tall
Grandpa
Man'er
grandma
wronged
Not wronged
Come and take me to see your mother
Brother
relatives by marriage
in-laws in-laws
The boss, the second and the third
move things in
and some mud
Put that wall around
And the kitchen stove
Build it all up
Okay daddy
Take a walk
The second oldest and the third oldest are leaving.
This this
Brother
I'm here to see my daughter
Bring her something by the way
Nana
Let's sit in the room
Not in a hurry
I heard you had a bumper harvest this year
Can you take me to see it?
I want to be a little happy
They're all in the barn
I'll take you to have a look
Walk
work on your businesses
second wife
What's wrong
What didn't you see?
What did you see?
At once
Saw
You mean the third wife?
Here comes a whole bunch of family members
Why haven't you seen this before?
Such a big battle?
No need to ask
It must be for that mourning star lady
Support is coming
Yes
She is bullying me and there is no one left in my family.
Not good
Go quickly
Call the people from that village
Comment on your mother
go quickly
Wait a minute, mother
It's your own family's business
Why do you want others to judge?
Family scandals should not be made public
You call people over
Mom will make this big pot for you
braised chicken
a big pot
Look at you
How honest is the third child?
Make the old man so angry
yes
How did it become like this?
How honest he was before
There are so many other things
If it weren't for you,
How could I know so many things?
But no
yes
let me tell you
How do I get this thing to take the lead?
heartbroken
unlucky
Seeking death and survival
Tell you
I heard he was the one from the Lian family
My braised chicken
Braised Chicken Braised Chicken Braised Chicken
Fight
What are you muttering about?
You do your job
Yes
The in-laws are here
What are we talking about? Are you so happy?
My sister-in-law, you came just in time.
Isn't that right?
Let’s talk about our family affairs.
You
He has little contact with our Lian family
It's about my family
I need to say a few words
right
You don’t know?
Ever since the third child in my family said we wanted to separate the family
The second oldest person in the family
Washing my face with tears every day
Crying and begging the third child not to move out
But where is the third child?
After eating the weight, I became determined.
Say it again
How can any of my parents still be alive?
I'm going to break up with my family.
It's really a crime
This won't work
But then again
That matter of family separation
What does the third child know?
My wife didn’t teach me
It’s just that my wife doesn’t teach me
How can a man disobey his parents?
Even the second elder in the family is quite pitiful.
Pitiful
It's pitiful
Pity my sister
When I was pregnant with Xiaoqi
Have to work in the fields every day
Counting nine cold days
I still have to wash clothes and cook for my mother-in-law.
Now I am pregnant with Xiaoba and I fell down.
It doesn’t matter if the child is gone
She is walking through the gate of hell
When I'm on the edge
This is for mother-in-law
Don't even buy her a medicine
Let her fend for herself
This and other things
The two elders of the Lian family are not human beings.
even so
Then we can't separate the families.
Let me tell you
It's been planned for a long time
The matter of family separation
But the fourth girl Lian Maner
Talk about it every day
That's not even a mention
Once or twice
This time I'm just borrowing
The reason for the miscarriage of the third brother and sister
Forcing the second elder to nod
That's it
Every family has scriptures that are difficult to recite.
I know it's not easy
Everyone knows
Our family is not rich to begin with
Asking for scientific examination for the eldest son
Pull the whole family together in the future
Money for my daughter-in-law’s medical treatment
It’s not that I won’t take it
I can't take it out
I we know
Understand, understand, understand
people say
Take care of one person
Or take care of the whole family
second elder
How difficult
Isn't it? It's not easy.
It’s really not easy even for the second oldest person in the family.
Not easy
Don’t mention it to your in-laws
I actually forgot
Your eldest brother
How much money did the family spend?
Let the whole family
Don’t talk about tightening your belt and living a good life
Still making up my mind now
It hit me, Maner.
This shameless Lian Shouren
And Na Gushi
Give it to our family
What kind of marriage is arranged?
Want me to give some to my sister too?
Nagging?
tell us
Look, look, look
That's what you said
How many rooms does anyone have?
No bumps or bruises
Who hasn't had any quarrels yet?
Who doesn’t have enough time to celebrate the festival?
Want them all to look like
Your sister is like your niece
When there is a quarrel, we break up.
Are the ancestral tablets still available?
I can't live this day anymore
yes
Why did it fall down?
Really are
You said my brain
There is still soup simmering at home.
I just forgot
sister
Let’s talk another day
Stop it
I'm about to arrive
Are you going to your in-laws’ house?
Let's go for a walk together
You don't
You walk there slowly and leisurely
I'm in a hurry for my soup
Stop it
Hurry up and stop catching fire
you silly boy
Such a big thing happened
Why don't you know?
Let your family know
If it weren't for Man'er
Send me this message
My mother is still kept in the dark
Are you trying to feel sorry for your mother?
I am
Afraid of worrying my mother
Afraid of mother worrying
Look at you now
So thin that there is only a handful of bones left
I am the daughter of the Zhang family
so bullied
spread the word
Where to put my face
It’s all my mother’s fault
Always teach you to be gentle and filial
Heart for heart
I thought even my family
It should be reasonable
did not expect
You suffered such a big loss
daughter
Mother
Isn't this good for me?
For his dad's sake
Don't make it too tense
grandma
Daddy is tough this time
No matter how much grandpa and grandma cry and make trouble
He just wants to separate the family
He is just afraid of his mother
Don't feel wronged anymore
If there is no father
This time we separate
I'm afraid it will be difficult
Silly boy
Mom is not here to make trouble
Mom is here to support you
Keep one's word
We'll separate soon
Just stand next to me and don't talk.
Everything is at my disposal
would you like
It all depends on my mother's arrangements.
grandma grandma
I want to be strong
Who is Dali?
It’s the family’s cow
grandma
I want rhubarb
Who is Dahuang?
the dog at home
Don't worry, grandma is here
All of them are here for you to come over.
And the meat in grandma’s cabinet
Just half and half
half
rest assured
Brother
You
Don't be too dissatisfied, brother, I speak straightforwardly
No, no
You said our two families
It’s not like we live far apart from each other.
Such a big thing happened
You have to tell me
If Man'er hadn't told me
are you planning
Hidden from me forever
no no no
Yes, I lost my etiquette
Just in time for the autumn harvest
I need to get this thing back
Brother
Do you still remember us?
How did we meet?
I worked as a vendor when I was young
Sold fur goods and silk
even
I also sold salt
Brother, what about you?
He's the big shopkeeper in the county shop.
I remember the two of us were
We met in your shop, right?
It’s okay not to mention the past.
Brother, you are honest
Treat our merchants
That's childlike innocence
I admire you from the bottom of my heart
So no matter what you lack
what do you want
I'm thinking about the law
I'll find them all for you
Yep
Later we both became a family
You lost your place
Prosperous children
Just because I take it seriously
Admire my brother
So I put my daughter
Married into your family
I think this is correct
But I didn’t expect you, brother
no no
Normally, this is what happens at home
I rarely care
I really didn't expect that
This bitch can take care of the house
it's so out of control
Separate the family today
I will never let her do this again
Well
There are words like "old brother"
Brother, I'm relieved
Where to go?
Go find Thirteen
Why are you looking for fellow villagers every day?
Let’s separate today and go back tomorrow.
What am I doing here after separation?
I'm not from your family
nephew
How about it
How good these days are
I
Who are you
Uncle has forgotten
I'm your uncle
Uncle
It's not just me
This is your second uncle
That's third uncle
Remember it
I am your second uncle
I am your third uncle
Let me tell you
your business
Your aunt just now
Everything has been explained to us
Don't worry
from now on
no
You have long been part of our Zhang family
is not that right
Go, go, go
Where to go
Help me with the mud
How could we not have you at the top of the wall?
I
Gone, gone, quickly, quickly
no no
Let's go
Here it is
Do the math, do the math
Second child
let me tell you
Open your eyes for a while
Carefully, carefully, seriously
Calculate it for me
That year of yours
Show off your ability to make false accounts
daughter
When did I make false accounts?
The gambling house lost the bet
You made false accounts
How much money was stolen
Do you think your wife doesn’t know?
Your mother-in-law
let me tell you
do not worry
I promise to give you the money
It all goes into your pocket
Second child
father
That’s all the fields in this house
Ask the second child to do the math
You made a mistake and I can't forgive you
Don't worry dad
I have long heard that the second son of the Lian family
He is good at settling accounts
Just right
The old woman was also an accountant before.
Today I will help Shouyi
Do the math
Just an old woman
Getting older
Slow on hand
I hope Shouyi will take care of you a lot.
The situation at home
Shouyi is the clearest
You don't need to worry about it
Right
Yep
mother-in-law
Do you think I am an old woman?
Getting older
Confused
I'm afraid I made a mistake for you
How can this be meant?
That's another reason
This account can only be settled by observing justice.
Can’t others touch you?
No, no, no
You might as well ask your in-laws to help you do the math.
In case there is an error or omission between the two
This is also good for reconciliation
Share it
Home field
A total of thirty-three acres
Nineteen acres of prime farmland
Double cropping rice
Harvesting grain per mu is six stones
Land tax is six taxes and one tax
The medium field has six acres
Harvesting grain per mu is four stones
Xia Qianqiumi
The tax is four cents
The tax rice is one bucket
There are two acres of low-grade fields
Harvesting grain is three stones
稅錢三文三文
The tax meter is four pieces
In addition, there are some vegetable fields
peanut field
and some additional consumption
And that's all
This low-grade land is two acres
Not five acres
Such poor craftsmanship
No wonder before
Lost my accounting job
aunt
You're missing a whole season of rice
A total of four taels of silver were missing.
come over
real
Just four taels short of silver
Yes or no
Still better at keeping justice?
The old woman admires her
Please abide by the rest.
Please help me again
Just take a look and take a look
Let me take a look
Look here
You lost two hundred coins
I was exempted from tax for a quarter the year before last.
Why isn't this included?
And here
Grandma, you are so majestic
If mother were half as good as you
look
Then you won't be bullied
sharp
Don't learn from your mother
Take a good look at grandma's
See if you calculated it wrong again?
Six taels missing
I said nephew
You are not Shenjiacun
Are you from a farmer's background?
How can you still make the wall crooked?
Uncle, you don’t know
I haven't done this kind of work since I was a child.
These are really
I have enough heart but not enough strength.
That's okay
Then stop doing it, stop doing it
You pick that piece of dirt over there
Come with me and Mud
Uncle
I have been frail and sickly since I was a child.
I flashed my waist just now
Forget it, stop doing it
You go to the kitchen
Bring us some water
okay
Uncle Qingnian
Second uncle and third uncle
Brother Heng is here
several uncles
I came here specially to help my aunt separate the family.
Yes, yes
Brother Heng
Why do you have time to come here today?
I asked for leave from my employer
Come and help too
good
Come on
Come
help
uncle
Who was working here just now?
That Shen Nuo
He can't do anything
Still weak
Your uncle
We can only send him to fetch water
Then he probably won't come back
I come
It’s still our Brother Heng
Reliable
Look at this handy job
This is what work looks like
came back
I think you've lost your mind
I'll let you go home
You'd better deliver it outside
You piss me off so much
When a woman makes a mistake, a horse makes a mistake
no
do not worry
That belongings at the back
I promise
Don't give them an extra penny
OK
When I came back from the county
I brought an old elm table
It's three
There are five pairs of folding back chairs
Ten drums
Depending on how many lines there are, six each
simple screen
Isn’t this all kept here?
See what else
Nothing is left behind
alright
three tables
Five pairs of chairs
Dozens of pieces
silver balance
Three bedrooms only cost 300 yuan
Yes
Every month
I want to give my elder brother three taels of silver
right
Five Hundred Essays on the Successor of the Ancestor
This is what dad decided
Your father and mother also recognize it
Your mother's one
Expenses for medical treatment are not included.
Just eat and drink during this time
spent too much money
yes
What about Linlin Zongzong's dunk?
Three hundred words left
Then fold down two stools
Second uncle
How can this account be calculated like this?
The calculation is correct
only
And my mother’s dowry?
No
Mother said it
her dowry
Worth at least fifty taels
After giving birth to me, I did the confinement at home
my grandma
I also brought a dozen more
Wild ducks and pheasants are coming
She didn't eat any of them.
These must be worth five taels, right?
wrong
How can it be calculated like that?
You put the old account
Take it all out and count it all
I gave birth to him and raised him for so many years
How to calculate this account?
Count one for me
old sister-in-law
Do as you say
Then we have raised our daughter for more than ten years
Now she is paralyzed in bed for half her life
How to settle this account?
Man'er is right
you say
This third daughter-in-law
Marry over
Dowry given by mother’s family
should return
It should be paid back
Take it early to exchange for silver
Supplement family expenses
Grandma, you forgot
You give the dowry to your mother
Keep it well
Sister-in-law’s jewelry box
I brought it over
My daughter’s dowry
I prepared it myself
So they're all here
Thank you, mother-in-law
remaining dowry
No more detailed calculations
Fold some belongings
Man'er
Send the jewelry to your mother
Call your uncles over again
Move the belongings to the west wing
okay
Man'er
It's great to be young
There are still these livestock
The livestock are all here
This is it
The livestock are not here
No
Didn't I tell you?
Don't let the livestock out today
What are you yelling about?
cow last night
Didn't come back
Then it it
How?
When did you find it?
When will we separate?
Why are you so anxious?
In-laws, look
this
Our Xiaoqi
And what about this ability?
relatives by marriage
Now that they're all back
Then let's divide it
Divide chicken, duck and goose into quarters
That's awesome
grandma
relatives by marriage
The account just now
What happened to the accounts
Didn't you just say you were right?
Before
I really want to endure it and give up
But now I still feel
I’m not happy if I don’t vomit.
Your eldest son Shouren
Although he is a scholar
But most of the money in the family
All for his use
Your bowl of water
It's so unfair
no
relatives by marriage
I wanted to
Offer Shouren out
Pull the second child, the third child, and the others
You said Shouren is in town
Manage some relationships in career
So I spent some more money
Can't you?
Now that the in-laws have spoken,
Then that's it
Then kill the cow
separated
Grandma is too strong to kill
old sister-in-law
You have a bad tone
Today's official law
Suicide cow and horse person
One year in prison
Are you afraid of going to jail?
What then?
This cow
If you get sick at our house
Then who can know, right?
No, I can't kill you with great force.
Why can't you kill it?
It has been with us for so many years
What happened to following you for so many years?
How about this
As for the cattle, Xiaoqi should still herd them.
If the in-laws need it
When cultivating the land
Tell Xiao Qi
All right
Milk
We have already given in on this cow.
Can we take the rhubarb away?
This is my dog
is my baby
My lifeblood
Then let it choose
rhubarb
rhubarb rhubarb
Rhubarb comes here
Rhubarb
Brother Youheng
No, don't hold on.
I go to the mountains all year round to collect herbs
Good physical strength
This little bit of life is no big deal
Finally finished moving
great nephew
Where did this go?
There's still a bunch of things that haven't been moved yet.
hurry up
besides
Go and get the chickens, ducks, cows and geese
Come here
There is also a kitchen to divide.
I go first
Hurry up
Thank you for your help
You're welcome
should
Let's go
Walk
Brother Heng
quick
Start to open, start to open
Man'er
Milk
what to do
aunt
You don’t want this thing, right?
Then I took it
Second daughter-in-law, please watch carefully.
this
daughter
Go, let's go, get out of the way
Don't move
Why not move
look
father
Start the stove, start the stove
Come over to grandpa
Never seen it?
Heavenly official blesses wealth and prosperity
It’s time to start cooking
well
start the fire
Xiaoqi came to see me set off firecrackers
Nothing formal
What should I do if my child is pregnant? Stay away
Be careful, be careful
Sugar cake is coming
OK OK
This is good, this is good
Come, come, have a drink, have a drink
drink drink drink
good
Brother Heng
How is the medical clinic's business lately?
It's okay, it's okay
Where is Wang Laojin?
Wang Lao, Wang Lao Jin, are you okay?
My dad said I'll wait for you next time
I'll definitely have wine and food waiting for you
OK
I'll go meet him another day
Come on, come on, uncle three, come on
Keep your word
Don't forget the promise you gave me
this life
Don't let my daughter suffer anymore
You remember everything
Father-in-law’s teachings
My son-in-law will keep it in mind
Just remember it
Come and have a sip
Dry
Come here, come here
Thank you, second uncle. Thank you, second uncle.
eat
Come
Come to my second uncle
good
Man'er
Been busy these days
Our kitchen at home
The woodshed and pigsty have also been built.
Finish the meal in a while
Let's go first
I can't bear to leave my aunt and grandma
you are here
I feel much more at ease
I can only stay until today
Before winter comes
I still have to go into the mountains and hunt two more times.
Otherwise, wait for the snow to come down
It’s time to close the mountain
Man'er
Although the family is separated
But after all, the bloodline is still there.
How is it possible for two families?
It’s really a clean break
your parents
They are all kind-hearted and soft-tempered.
so many years
It's hard to change again
Don't worry, grandma
As long as I'm here
I will never let my mother
No more grievances
good
Grandma can rest assured that Man'er is here
only
If you can at home
Add another person who can take charge
The days ahead for Man'er
Then you can live better
Why are grandma chatting?
Start urging me to get married
You are an open-minded old lady
Can't be like
Just like other old ladies
Moreover
What's so good about getting married?
Look at my mother
Always bullied by my grandma
I feel so free now
Isn't it good?
So we have to find a good family.
Grandma, look at that Shen Nuo
is a good one
His house was flooded
Now he is the only one left
It's better to recruit him as a wife
I don’t know if he is willing or not.
I saw Youheng
That kid's not bad either
Mild-tempered
We got married later
Definitely for us Man'er
Be obedient and obedient
aunt aunt
aunt
It's impossible for me and him both
I have to leave after making money
Where do you want to go after you make money?
Where can I go?
I mean
I want to make a lot of money, a lot of money
lots, lots, lots of money
this child
Nuo Geer, what are these days?
Although you are busy before and after
But I found out
That look in your kid's eyes
I have never left Man'er
What's the matter
Yes or no
Falling in love with our Man'er
What did uncle say?
Big man
What are you ashamed of?
Once you fall in love with it, you fall in love with it
You
good looking
and diligent
has hope
Uncle, I am optimistic about you
Optimistic about you
Uncle
Nephew, here’s a toast to you
Eat
Pour it for you
Brother Heng
You
good looking
and diligent
has hope
Uncle is optimistic about you
boss
Everyone is optimistic about you
My dad is right
Come
Come, come, come
drink one drink one
Come
Got it done
Either say it
Is it still comfortable for the eldest brother?
The scholar and husband don’t have to work
What a life
All done to the talented lady
Lian Shouyi
What time is this?
We are still wasting our time with this
Go talk to your mother
I dont go
So many families were divided
Mom must be angry there
If you want to go you go
I get angry when I mention this
Our family’s property land
That's what I sent away
Give away so much
I don't have time to reason with you yet.
Look at her again
I can't compete with the few from Laosan's family.
Just know how to rub us
The nest is full
I'm pregnant with the baby
I don't sleep
He has to sleep too
I'm so stiff today
It's just a hard time
I won’t do any more work
I'll see what she can do to me
what
If you don't work, you're just wandering around here.
No one can sleep until we finish fucking.
Step aside